README.md, before:

[![Travis-CI Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jefferislab/lhns.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jefferislab/lhns)
# lhns
R Package containing neuron skeleton data relevant to the lateral horn of the vinegar fly, Drosophila melanogaster. For use with [nat](https://github.com/jefferis/rcatmaid). In development.

## What's in the package currently?
```r
# install
if (!require("devtools")) install.packages("devtools")
devtools::install_github("jefferislab/lhns")
library(lhns)
plot3d(most.lhns)
?most.lhns
plot_pnts()
```

## Remaking data

To remake the data from scratch, I recommend opening the rstudio project and then:

```r
source("data-raw/make.R")
```

Note: Windows users need [Rtools](http://www.murdoch-sutherland.com/Rtools/) and
[devtools](http://CRAN.R-project.org/package=devtools) to install this way.

## Acknowledgements

Data from FlyCircuit and dye-fills of LH neurons by Shahar Frechter. Data compiled and annotated for analysis in Frechter et al. (2017) by Alexander Bates and Shahar Frechter.

Commit message:

Readme: update instructions, better acks
Former-commit-id: 4ce864f1343d4dc2b0f8f696c4a697012e7b5696 [formerly 458528733aa1f9a8792d7fae1473d4698fde6dfb] [formerly 458528733aa1f9a8792d7fae1473d4698fde6dfb [formerly 458528733aa1f9a8792d7fae1473d4698fde6dfb [formerly 458528733aa1f9a8792d7fae1473d4698fde6dfb [formerly 458528733aa1f9a8792d7fae1473d4698fde6dfb [formerly 3cded0657b592ea33c117844991bea7dea01cf3d]]]]]
Former-commit-id: e1030f68361b4262ea77e8df3dec8b71ffac5327
Former-commit-id: 5d253eee46a37784f51c85c06f5b68d6445d45da [formerly d0303040a650ca948b87a27b698758805a39e9a4] [formerly 5d253eee46a37784f51c85c06f5b68d6445d45da [formerly d0303040a650ca948b87a27b698758805a39e9a4] [formerly 92b6b6d4798d04396590ada0f1d7de4f066a9136]]
Former-commit-id: 0450b90241f83fa7a4ad150f92e4998de71ba3bc [formerly a6cba4f526d6d698fd43dc5f85f6aa0ab584bfce] [formerly 4b231974abe930cbd7ba10875de1c5269dd2c1e4 [formerly 88a79b895b7bf4a77263368410ac7c6c5e68c249]]
Former-commit-id: ff5f727a38423fd166a487c08b152ec31fe67238 [formerly 3c007ea38e1ab7e13509e6ee86ed11d6686fa7a6]
Former-commit-id: 50bef01c018681e051027e2a4e4884b279459cf3

README.md, after:

[![Travis-CI Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/jefferislab/lhns.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/jefferislab/lhns)
# lhns
R Package containing neuron skeleton data relevant to the lateral horn of the vinegar fly, Drosophila melanogaster. For use with [nat](https://github.com/jefferis/rcatmaid). In development.

## What's in the package currently?
```r
# install
if (!require("devtools")) install.packages("devtools")
devtools::install_github("jefferislab/lhns")
  
# use
library(lhns)
plot3d(most.lhns)
?most.lhns
plot_pnts()
```

## Remaking data

To remake the data from scratch, I recommend opening the rstudio project and then:

```r
source("data-raw/make.R")
```

To use this, you will then need to reinstall the `lhns` package - you can easily
do this like so:

```r
devtools::update_packages('jefferislab/lhns')
```
### LHN cell types
If you need to alter an LHN cell type classification, you need to edit
[processLHNs.R](data-raw/processLHNs.R) and then follow the steps above i.e. 
`source("data-raw/make.R")`. 

Note: Windows users need [Rtools](http://www.murdoch-sutherland.com/Rtools/) and
[devtools](http://CRAN.R-project.org/package=devtools) to install this way.

## Acknowledgements
* Images from [FlyCircuit](http://flycircuit.tw) were obtained from the NCHC (National Center for High-performance Computing) and NTHU (National Tsing Hua University), Hsinchu, Taiwan.
* Dye-fills of LH neurons were obtained by Shahar Frechter. 

Data compiled and annotated for analysis in Frechter et al. (2017) by Alexander Bates
and Shahar Frechter.
